Chokes again there's been a mess Chokes with the
wetaca thing Ah, he doesn't respond to the
criticism of how do I know how do I know how do you say it
Javi says to the one who accompanies you if Alne
accompanies me I'll go to the North Pole if
necessary she always says goodbye let's see
listen to me How do you pronounce the
shock company that has given it a very
complicated name no no It's simply not worth it
because I've seen on Twitter that there are a lot of
people see In fact in fact in fact in
fact I saw it on
Marky's Twitter I saw it on Marky's Twitter Mark Mark
yes there were a lot of people like
buying the products to criticize them
protein today noit the new company of the
fat guy from Chokes said Chokes that the
packaging had to be completely
different from uaca and it's exactly the
same first post first let's see if it
's true eh I mean no the truth yes the
packaging is the same No Exactly
the same no and it's exactly the same
first post first criticism to us the
broccoli comes
raw the brother has a bad
[Music]
Pint and final review What is the best
dish What is the worst dish are
these dishes good  so you can buy them and
combine them anyway it turned out like a lot of
people
robbers extortionists [ __ ]
man sons of [ __ ] [ __ ] I
[ __ ] on your [ __ ] mother no dick
shadow the [ __ ] jail to work and to
pay for your [ __ ] shitty life in
jail sons of [ __ ] man you
have no shame what to raise your
brand you throw [ __ ] at another without knowing
if there was bef before Of course but
that's the point adct that many of the people who
have criticized my reaction did not
know the previous ones so am I a bad
person for reacting like that or are you an
ignorant person who is judging something that you
have no [ __ ] idea about That is
the point because of course you do not know the
background of the story I have been
almost harassed by a company
saying things about me inventing that
I had bought it Of course you
are not understanding anything and you are an
idiot but I have to treat you with
respect you, the other and the other and I have to
be falsely humble I have to be
falsely cordial and I have to be
falsely polite to convince you
that you are a  [ __ ] that I'm a very
good guy I have to convince you when I
don't care about me as if you're going to [ __ ] off
and never eat my food
but I have to convince you
because if not I'm a bad person And since
I have repercussions and everyone else does
n't because I am Jesus Christ
Well everything I say is the first thing
that is said why because it's the first thing you
hear Because everything else you don't
hear because it's insignificant next to me
And this is egotistical to say this this is
egotistical and I'm a ghost for saying
this which is the [ __ ] truth which is that you haven't
understood absolutely anything
because you never understand absolutely
anything until I tell you because I
have much more impact than everything that
's around me and this is ghostly to
say it man it's ghostly a pimp a piece of
[ __ ] an egomaniac and an
arrogant person when it's not the [ __ ] truth
But you're used to
everyone having to lie to you because they
want to convince you and I don't give a
[ __ ] about you for me as if you don't understand
absolutely anything in this live let's see
I sincerely think
that the criticism of the shas to the company is
this And I still have not found the
justification because of course the shas says
that the company was harassing him
okay Where is that because I have
heard it 800 times and I can't find
where you have it luar we have
seen it or rather Where is that what
has the company told him go ahead okay Yes it
is true that yesterday we saw that everything was
born from a question in the chat but
man
Eh okay Thanks I think it was too much for
you to bring up a company and as soon as you bring
up a company you say that
directly the other one that is doing
Exactly the same as you that you have
surely been inspired by or has been
inspired by the company that you bought is
[ __ ] [ __ ] daco the food I don't know s
How much is it that I think it could
even be unfair competition Surely
okay I don't give a [ __ ] [ __ ] about you and that
is the point of the conversation that I
am not here to try to convince
you of anything you don't give a [ __ ] dude it's that you don't give a
[ __ ] you don't know how much and besides it is what we
saw yesterday What need if he has
exhausted simply for being Chocas has
released the announcement that he has the
company and the product has sold out it has sold
out and I don't care about losing
audience everyone released coupons they had
promoted that Chocas was
promoting them they also released coupons with
Chocas's name seriously seriously
mother it's not nice either that's not the way
things are not the days for perm
ban for kicking or for laughing at I don't care I
don't care man I prefer to be
honest I prefer to be honest than
trying to convince you of anything There's
nothing that defines a man better than
Who his enemies are or who is
against him so for me that's a very good
phrase eh Hey I like it eh There's nothing
that defines a man better than Who
his enemies are or those who are
against him very good man Keep thinking about Your
delusions of grandeur the fact that
I'm trying to make an effort to
convince you of something or that I have to
behave as if to serve you you
're very wrong man But well
one day you'll realize how many
people throughout if you knew the
amount of people especially
content creators let's see okay Ivan
tells me Ivan to take out a coupon with the
name of shokas pays and similar used
his image to sell okay Yes the
little doll that we saw but there
shokas could sue for
image rights okay I mean it's not right but it's
different from what shokas does the
shocka directly throw I mean one thing
is you taking advantage of a famous face
without their consent to sell and another
thing is you directly with your
advertising okay with the
repercussion that you have not the
influence that you have sink a
company you understand a company that
tries to feed people saying
that the food is bad you understand and that it
's crap and that it comes poorly
wrapped and that I don't know what And that I don't know
how much it is different okay there are more of the
two and I think it is a little or two
worse what you shock them okay I think it
is not proportional unless there is
something else that we do not remember that they have
thrown [ __ ] at me they have told me
nonsense and that after a year 2 years
3 years  5 years they have realized and have
spoken to me privately To
apologize if you knew friend better to give
your opinion than the lawsuit that I could have
filed no but let's see your opinion my
opinion is I don't like this food okay
or are we not talking about giving an
opinion we are talking about that
day he brings out his company which is exactly
the same as the one he criticizes okay your
opinion may be or your comment may be
I have brought out this company and I have
based myself on this one but I am trying to
improve the things that I see that fit
from the other or that for me eh were not
very polished I have polished them okay but
for you to bring out a company okay iPod and
say that iPods that Apple ones
sound bad are a scam
eh they break after two days I don't know and
more when we are talking about
food, I mean if you a food company
a person with the importance that
shoka has eh Because if maybe
another person says it the opinion is a bit irrelevant
But if the shocka says it it is taken into
account and it goes very far this the loudspeaker
okay if you talk about a company  of
food that the food is [ __ ] that it's
bad that you don't like it that the packaging I do
n't know what a little it ruins it I mean no I don't know I don't
know if that's an opinion and that's it
if you knew you wouldn't be aware
Yes all of them threw [ __ ] at me
publicly but Ah well of course and he
gave him a nickname he gave
the company a nickname which is H caca I mean if you
give the food company that nickname
H caca man you hurt it damn pick up
a cable in private because you have to
have a lot of balls to say
stupid things about someone you don't know
at all and rectify
publicly For that you do have to
have balls And how little you have seen it
on the internet right Well that's what I'm left with
and not only content creators
but even many of you Javi
But it would be ugly if he said that if he
really likes the food and he does it
to screw up but I think he said it
sincerely I don't see it so bad if they
started attacking already but that's why they
used his image without permission because of the
repercussions it has that goes for
both ways no but I just don't see it
the same type of attack, I mean, because one
is an attack, one is an attack and the other
is taking advantage of their image, I don't know the
truth. How many of you have
come into this live thinking, go on, you
crash, he's a [ __ ] [ __ ], an
[ __ ]. Let's see, for example, about
a product, any other product,
okay, be it a mobile phone, okay, a
mobile phone, a movie.
Yes, a movie, a series, a
video game, okay, you can, uh, give your
opinion and express yourself in a certain way. No.
Hey, this movie is [ __ ]. Hey,
this video game is [ __ ]. Hey,
this phone is [ __ ], I don't
like it. Okay, but it's not going to be that harmful
if you talk about food, I mean, if you talk about
food in those terms and you
nickname it "we caca" and it comes
wrapped like this and it comes wrapped like that, you're going to
hurt it more, right? I mean, when it's a
food issue, I don't know, I don't know why
because you trusted something on
Twitter and and here you are seeing me how
wrong you were, right? Well, I've
had to put up with you and I haven't received
any apology and what. That's my role  And on
top of that you ask me to lie to be
falsely humble and that I don't know what to
convince I don't know who go on and suck my
[ __ ] [ __ ] go on Go on and suck my [ __ ]
[ __ ] miniseries and series of the year
are also two two cool things not
throughout the year because the series
are also an important part of the content
despite the fact that in my case the series anyway
family well Elena It's that she is a big fan
of the shoka always defends him eh
When when I say something bad about shoka she
always protests What are the names of the
shoka followers I want to eat it I want to let it out
damn that ass
is Grand mamacita I want to [ __ ] you in the ass that you have Go on move that ass Go on move that ass Go on move that ass Go on move that ass Go on move that ass Go on move it up down up
down her tit
how delicious her tit is
how delicious her tit is how delicious her
tit is Come on
mamacita mother I'm [ __ ] good
that  She's really hot, she has an
incredible ass and some, yeah, yeah,
I love the final part, no,
when she's almost getting addicted, I'm [ __ ],
no, I mean, she's almost getting addicted and there comes a
time when, without papers, no, without
papers, [ __ ] it up the ass, what tits you
have, what an ass, [ __ ] it up the ass, you know,
just suck it
[Music]
well,
i